Oh
so I've just had a coffee in the John
Lewis cafe thought I'd change things up
I was heading to Starbucks and I was
like wait no it's good John Lewis and
actually I should treat myself to that
more often
it was really nice did a bit of work
I've got about 15 minutes slightly to be
back in the light to theater but also I
want to look for a present because I
forgot my friend from home his birthday
and essentially I'm a terrible person
I got so wrapped up in like university
was like almost a month ago now
now this she didn't even acknowledge it
and then one of my really good friends
and like I hate myself like it's not
okay to just like get wrapped up in your
own matters and forget other people's
birthdays I'm going to send them
something so I feel like something in
the post has some like real thought
behind it gonna get in the card pop
something in the card let's salvage this
situation we always applaud the
lecturers at the end of a lecture series
[Applause]
but it was but I'm so excited
a few years
okay so we've just left the talk and it
was so good honestly
Louise is so funny like I was having to
like stop myself from laughing I was
like it's not that funny Paige stop it
was really funny and then yeah she's
just really lovely really inspirational
talk and now we're going for burgers
we're meeting our friends at honest
burgers which apparently is a very good
burger restaurant it's like our
end-of-term meal out it's gonna be
lovely
me and Emery early because hungry so me
and ever have put it into the restaurant
because we saw it getting busy and we
were like we don't want it to be booked
out before the air table because YCJA
had specifically said he wanted to show
us this restaurant but we've been given
our own private room like check it out
it's great it's like our own little
party in here yes you want the curtain
closes yeah hopefully everyone else is
good turn up soon I'm thinking I'm gonna
have the oddest burger beef smokes bacon
cheddar red onion relish pickles and
lettuce with chips now this just has to
be the normal burgers we get a cap and
I'll be happy I don't think that's too
hard because often the cat burgers are a
bit don't you hello everyone so everyone
is here
yes it's a whole party going on the food
was really good I would recommend honest
burger anyone places to eat in a very
very nice social evening everyone's
planning on going back the staircase and
socializing evening sadly I have work
Emma I had the veggie burger hello
everyone so this morning I have had a
meeting with my director of studies we
have a meeting every term just to track
how we're getting on it was pretty good
he gave me some use for the device so
thanks for that Jim now I'm heading over
to West Cambridge because I'm handing in
work for our supervision tomorrow I've
agreed cycle over and hand in my work
Tim's work and you just work I mean I
think they've handed in my work for me a
lot of times and you know one of us has
got to do it it stopped raining now so
should be fine nice cycle ride and I'm
also gonna post some birthday cards
finally got my life sorted I'm organized
and then I've got supervision in less
than an hour actually so I need to cycle
fairly quickly to make sure to do some
editing we're doing a wine cheese night
this evening in our staircase CAF dinner
was really good that evening I went
there with the intention of holding
myself back you know to save myself for
the cheese I was going to eat later but
it just didn't happen
here was our cheese and wine evening the
sophisticated students that we are hello
everyone and welcome to shizer shizer
actually that big a fan of cheese yes so
very civilized here is the cheese say
goodbye morning everyone so I got up
later than planned this morning set my
own for 8:00 which was later as it was
didn't get up until approaching 9:00
then went and chatted to my friends
while I ate my breakfast then finally I
finally managed to edit my video
schedule it is going up today hallelujah
we are back on it with the youtubes and
now I'm gonna have a quick shower and
just get on with some work because I've
got some physics work that I want to get
done before a supervision I have this
evening the next day we celebrated AJ's
21st birthday enjoy some tuneful singing
I also headed over to Murray Edward's
College that morning because I was
meeting my lab group there for brunch
but this time it wasn't to do work it
was actually a social occasion
my friend also gave us a tour of the
college which was fun I can imagine this
courtyard being really nice in the
summer this was one of their winding
staircases that went up a big dome and
this is the Murray Edward's college
library
okay so I've just had brunch at Murray
Edwards College with my lab group and I
also had a tour of the college I've
never actually been here before so it
was actually really nice now I've got a
cycle back down the hill to Jesus but I
think that will be nicer than cycling up
the hill on the way here I used to scoff
people call these Coolidge's Hill
colleges and I was like there's no Hill
Cambridge is flat and then I tried
cycling here and it's most definitely a
hill that's quite a steep incline I must
say but anyway she made it she's gonna
head back to college now I've got quite
a bit of work to do this afternoon and
then we're all going out for a meal for
ye Jers birth date this evening so
actually it's a really nice day hello
vlog so we are all out for you Jess
birthday meal this evening huger is the
grand old age of 21 and we are
celebrating with a Chinese meal
yay I've just learned how to use
chopsticks
I'll show off my skills later when we
have food look at those chopstick skills
not gonna lie I never actually managed
to pick up any food with them but hey ho
so we've just I don't really like where
did he go good evening everyone so I'm
just back in my room now and I'm about
to get ready for bed I had a lovely
evening this evening it was actually a
really nice meal in the Chinese
restaurant I actually thought I wasn't
too keen on Chinese food like I've had
Chinese takeaways and beat two Chinese
restaurants in the past and I just know
enjoyed it but I think I've grown up and
my tastes have changed because actually
I had a very pleasant meal I've just
booked trains to go up north because I'm
visiting will and Emma up north and yeah
a whole group of us are gonna go up
north I live in the south I've not seen
the north that much before I literally
just been up north for university open
days and that's literally it so it's
actually gonna be really fun and to
spend some time with my friends in the
holiday because obviously everyone's
going home at the moment it is the end
of term now will is leaving tomorrow
others leaving tomorrow
Ayesha and Astrid have already gone I'm
here for another week
just because I think I'll do more
productive work staying in Cambridge
than I will if I go home
and since my room license runs for
another week from now I thought I might
as well just stay here and calf is still
open so I could still go for meals there
and then my parents are gonna pick me up
next weekend so that'd be nice to be
honest from now on this holiday I've got
five weeks and I'm not viewing it as
time off it's very much not a holiday I
need to be working 9 to 5 each day
thinking of it like a job like I know my
time isn't gonna be scheduled for me I
need to just say I'm gonna work from
this time to this time each day I'm
gonna schedule in breaks and I will be
strict on myself stick to those breaks
obviously I'm going to schedule in days
off this trip up north is going to be a
holiday for me and I'm gonna schedule
that in but I've got to stick to it and
I've got to make sure I revise
effectively over this holiday next term
we have 4 weeks of lectures and then
literally it's straight into exams
there's like not time to do anything
else like lecture you have just enough
time to think oh what were those last
two lectures on or how does that work
but I need really everything from last
term in the term before properly revised
from the Easter holiday I'm not
stressing I think it's all under control
so that's good I'm gonna go to bed now I
do have a supervision tomorrow and I
want to get up early just to do some
more work on the stuff before that
supervision and then there's lots more
to be doing it's all good fun really
[Music]
hello everyone so this morning I've just
been doing work I actually got up and
did work like at nine o'clock and work
through until midday I'm so proud of
myself like I actually managed it and
this was my first step towards sticking
to my revision timetable so that's good
I'm just waiting for Edie and Emma and
then we're going to go to CAF and have
some food Oh still some birthday cake
here from yesterday I feel like that
might be dessert you know hello everyone
we are having a pizza party this evening
yes everyone I'm really happy because
time is officially finished for me today
I had my last supervision of turn this
afternoon I am free we're onto the
cookie section of the pizza party we've
discovered that pudding rookies in the
microwave is a great thing we call the
microwave cookies they're now a
tradition in this staircase 20 seconds
in the microwave for like those cookies
you can buy in packs from Sainsbury's
hey everyone so it's really late but
I've just been finishing making my
revision schedule for the holiday and I
just wanted to get it done because like
I'm starting a fresh week tomorrow I
just want to go jump straight into it
and actually stick to the schedule I'm
so happy with it like it's color-coded
and everything had a nice evening with
my friends we had obviously our pizza
party and then we watched black Murrah
or Netflix and yeah now everyone's gone
too bad I should definitely go to bed so
I'm up tomorrow morning ready to start
working at 9 o'clock on the door as my
schedule tells me I'm ready to have a
productive Easter break term is over now
that does not mean we can sit around I'm
ready to get going so I'm actually going
to finish this vlog here thank you for
joining me this term at University and I
will see you soon with another video bye
[Music]